1.  Why do you want to change your current job ?


 I’ve enjoyed working with the cable and telecom industry for almost 2 years now, but I think now its time I built my experience in a new industry. This opportunity is very interesting to me, and fits very well with the direction I want to take my career.


2. Tell me about yourself ?


I am currently working as a Software engineer with BETSOL at their client location with Charter Communications on in a project where I handle automation testing of their native client on STB called Spectrum Guide.
I am responsible for automating the feature testing of the Spectrum Guide for which we use WebdriverIO which is Node JS and selenium testing framework.At Charter, I have been involved with testing different parts of there flagship product which is Spectrum Guide. Prior to this project, I was working on testing the Guide on the Set Top Box where we created tests in Ruby and Python to test the overall user experience.I also created automated testing of their backend video services to identify outages and leakages and thereby achieving 90% efficiency on a day to day basis and reducing customer calls and saving revenue . At this role with Charter, I interact with multiple team members onsite and offshore to achieve tasks.Before that, I used to work with Cognizant with their client Comcast where I used to test the Xfinity TV App on different mobile devices and desktop application.  With my time during comcast I had created an automated way to test linear services thereby reducing a lot of time for all testers to avoid manually checking services and helping them concentrate on finding bugs. 


3. Biggest Achievement


When I joined charter as a contractor, one of the issues they were facing was the inconsistency of delivery of video on demand programs from content providers such as ABC, HBO in their flagship St Louis Market. To quantify this issue, I created an automated test that would hit the different backend servers and identify what content was missing for consumers. After this had been identified, an email would be sent to stakeholders notifying them of these and they would take necessary action. After this automated test was in place, the Video On Demand delivery efficiency increased from 30% to 90%. 


4. Salary


I’m more interested in finding a position that’s a good fit for my skills and interests. I’m confident that you’re offering a salary that’s competitive in the current market.








Walmart Ecommerce automation project:


The 2 main objectives of this project were:
1. Understand how REST APIs work by capturing HTTP traffic using Charles Proxy and analyse different things such as headers, body, cookies etc interaction between client and server and how business requirements impact that behavior.
2. Create methods from those APIs and automate a user flow and also write JUnit tests to test the methods.
To achieve this I captured the HTTPS traffic from Walmart’s iOS App and created methods that would automate a sample user flow which included :
1. Login in 
2. Searching for a specific item
3. Adding multiple items to the cart
4. Verifying items in cart 
5. Logging out 
6. Logging back in and checking if the items change or not
I also wrote different tests to test each functionality. For example, does adding a single item when there are no items in the cart increment from 0 to 1. Also negative scenarios such as if 1 item is added, test should expect counter to not be anything else other than 1. 
We used the backend APIs to automate the flow.